README.md, before:

# georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example
Simple Example of GeoRasterLayer for Leaflet

# main demo
https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/

# other examples
1) Loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet library via a script tag. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-via-script-tag.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-via-script-tag.html).
2) Loading a Cloud Optimized GeoTIFF via a script tag.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-cog-via-script-tag.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-cog-via-script-tag.html).
3) Display Wind Direction arrows by using the customDrawFunction option.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/wind-direction-arrows.html#L38) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/wind-direction-arrows.html).
4) Loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet library along with GeoBlaze via a script tag. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-via-script-tag-with-geoblaze.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-via-script-tag-with-geoblaze.html).
5) Loading a GeoTIFF file via a file input tag and loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet and georaster libraries via script tags. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-file.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-file.html).
6) Combining two Cloud Optimized GeoTIFFs together to create an NDVI map. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/ndvi.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/ndvi.html).
7) Display with a color scale.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/color-scale.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/color-scale.html).

<!--Only display pixels within a certain range. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/thresholding.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/thresholding.html).-->

Commit message:

added example of identifying wildfires

README.md, after:

# georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example
Simple Example of GeoRasterLayer for Leaflet

# main demo
https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/

# other examples
1) Loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet library via a script tag. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-via-script-tag.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-via-script-tag.html).
2) Loading a Cloud Optimized GeoTIFF via a script tag.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-cog-via-script-tag.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-cog-via-script-tag.html).
3) Display Wind Direction arrows by using the customDrawFunction option.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/wind-direction-arrows.html#L38) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/wind-direction-arrows.html).
4) Loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet library along with GeoBlaze via a script tag. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-via-script-tag-with-geoblaze.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-via-script-tag-with-geoblaze.html).
5) Loading a GeoTIFF file via a file input tag and loading the georaster-layer-for-leaflet and georaster libraries via script tags. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/load-file.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/load-file.html).
6) Combining two Cloud Optimized GeoTIFFs together to create an NDVI map. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/ndvi.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/ndvi.html).
7) Display with a color scale.  You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/color-scale.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/color-scale.html).
8) Identifying Wildfires from a Landsat 8 Scene. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/identifying-wildfires-with-landsat.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/identifying-wildfires-with-landsat.html).


<!--Only display pixels within a certain range. You can view the source code [here](https://github.com/GeoTIFF/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/blob/master/examples/thresholding.html) and the live demo [here](https://geotiff.github.io/georaster-layer-for-leaflet-example/examples/thresholding.html).-->
